Introduce Atmos YAML functions (#810)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/stacks/templates/templates.mdx

<PillBox>Advanced</PillBox>

<Intro>

> Use templates as an _escape hatch_, when standard [inheritance](/core-concepts/stacks/inheritance) is insufficient. Atmos supports [Go templates](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template) in stack manifests and functions to customize Stack configurations _prior_ to interpreting them as YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use templates as an _escape hatch_, when standard [inheritance](/core-concepts/stacks/inheritance) or [Atmos Functions](/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions) are insufficient. Atmos supports [Go templates](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template) in stack manifests and functions to customize Stack configurations _prior_ to interpreting them as YAML.
```
